We can't say that anymore.
He should be angry for your sister to hear
You're right actually.
I can't rely on something because of nothing
portrait of
Just guessing
Come on. Go home.
Otherwise your family should be worried
Although we can't be brothers and sisters
But I always felt that I was destined for this painting with you
I'll give it to you.
As a souvenir
Ok, thanks.
Hey Luoyuan
Can I come and play with you later?
Okay, we're already friends, aren't we?
OK
Friend friend
Goodbye!
See you.
Chen Yu'an, we have ended our relationship
Please don't call me again
This relationship can't end without saying it's over
Come to the Male God Dessert Shop at noon tomorrow, I have something to ask you.